<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Sample Article - Litepub</title>
    <style>
        body {
            font-family: system-ui, -apple-system, sans-serif;
            line-height: 1.6;
            max-width: 800px;
            margin: 0 auto;
            padding: 2rem;
        }
        .article-header {
            margin-bottom: 2rem;
        }
        .article-meta {
            color: #666;
            font-size: 0.9rem;
            margin-bottom: 1rem;
        }
        .article-content {
            margin-top: 2rem;
        }
        .back-link {
            display: inline-block;
            margin-bottom: 2rem;
            color: #2563eb;
            text-decoration: none;
        }
        .back-link:hover {
            text-decoration: underline;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <a href="litepub://index" class="back-link">← Back to Home</a>
    
    <article>
        <header class="article-header">
            <h1>The Future of Digital Publishing</h1>
            <div class="article-meta">
                <time datetime="2024-03-20">March 20, 2024</time>
                <span> • </span>
                <span>5 min read</span>
            </div>
        </header>
        
        <div class="article-content">
            <p>Digital publishing has come a long way since the early days of the internet. With the rise of e-readers, tablets, and smartphones, the way we consume content has fundamentally changed. This article explores the current state of digital publishing and what the future might hold.</p>
            
            <h2>The Evolution of Reading</h2>
            <p>Gone are the days when reading was confined to physical books and newspapers. Today, we have access to an unprecedented amount of content at our fingertips. The digital revolution has made it possible to carry entire libraries in our pockets.</p>
            
            <h2>Emerging Technologies</h2>
            <p>New technologies like augmented reality and artificial intelligence are reshaping how we interact with digital content. These innovations are making reading more interactive and personalized than ever before.</p>
            
            <h2>Looking Ahead</h2>
            <p>As we look to the future, it's clear that digital publishing will continue to evolve. The focus will likely shift towards creating more immersive and engaging reading experiences while maintaining the accessibility and convenience that digital formats offer.</p>
        </div>
    </article>
</body>
</html> 